What’s your favourite quality about yourself? Least favourite?
What is something that makes you feel unstoppable?
What three words would you use to describe yourself?
Would you call yourself brave?
When do you feel the safest?
What’s your favourite childhood memory?
What’s your biggest life regret so far?
What’s something you’re really bad at?
What do you look for when finding new friends?
Does your family have any big traditions?
Do you have any “characters” in your family?
What’s your favourite nickname someone has given you and how did you get it?
Are you a good gift giver?
Who do you admire most and why?
Do you believe in astrology? Why or why not?
Have you ever had a spiritual experience?
What’s the quickest way someone can lose your trust?
Where is one place you’ve always dreamed of going?
Is it easy for you to accept help from people?
If money were no object, what’s the first thing you would buy?
Do you live by any particular mantra?
If you started a business, what would it be?
How would you spend your last day on earth?
Do you consider yourself introspective?
Do you enjoy being somewhere no one else knows you?
What is your number one goal in life?
How do you hope people describe you?
Have you ever been in love?
Do you want your own family someday?
How do you define beauty in another person?
Do you think dreams have deeper meanings?
Do you often give people second chances?
What do you think happens to us after death?
What do you think makes someone a good person?
What are you most grateful for in life?
Where do you go for fresh inspiration?
Have you ever experienced deja vu?
What is something that gives you hope?
Fun get to know you questions
Describe your perfect day.
What’s a movie you could watch every day?
Do you have a favourite memory?
What’s your favourite sport to watch?
What types of books do you like to read?
What’s your dream career?
Which unconventional animal do you wish you could have as a pet?
Would you rather spend the day at a botanical garden or an art museum?
What is one super-specific museum you would visit?
What is the worst song, in your opinion?
If you could get rid of any genre of music, which would it be?
Would you rather have the ability to fly or the ability to teleport?
What is your claim to fame?
Do you have any pets?
What is a skill you’ve always wanted to learn?
Do you have a favourite TV show?
What is your all-time favourite food?
What do you daydream about?
Do you have a morning routine?
What’s the most relaxing part of your day?
What are you most excited about for the future?
What do you think the ultimate theme party would be?
What’s on the top of your bucket list?
What do you think the worst job out there is?
If you have the opportunity to know the future, would you want to know?
Where is the most beautiful place you have ever seen in person?
What’s your favourite kind of weather?
Coffee or tea?
Do you like cities or remote places better?
Would you survive a zombie apocalypse?
Do you have a favourite type of exercise?
Which phone app do you use the most?
Do you prefer cooking dinner or going out?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Are you good at solving puzzles?
Do you sing in the shower?
Are you double jointed in any way?
What’s the first thing you do in the morning?
What is the biggest compliment you can give someone?
Do you think you’re a friendly person?
What do you wish you did more of?
What is something that makes you really angry?
Do you have a biggest fear?
How do you express your love for someone?
What does friendship mean to you?
What is something you consider too serious to joke about?
What does spirituality mean to you?
Have you ever had an epiphany?
Have you ever told a lie that you regretted?
What are you most proud of?
What’s your least favourite emotion?
If you had the opportunity to redesign society, what would you change?
What impresses you the most?
What’s your least favourite part about being you?
How do you react to anger from others?
What’s a dealbreaker for you in a relationship?
What do you think it means to be healthy?
What do you love most about life?
Do you tend to trust people easily?
What is something you have never truly wrapped your head around?
Are you proud of yourself?
What do you consider your core values?
Do you think you have a true calling?
Do you hold grudges or do you let go of things easily?
What’s something that makes you envious?
What brings you the most joy?
What’s something that makes you feel overwhelmed?
Do you often listen to your intuition?
Do you like small talk?
Do you consider yourself a people pleaser?
What’s the toughest conversation you’ve ever had to have?
What’s your biggest insecurity?
What is one thing you think most people have and never appreciate enough?
What’s the best gift you’ve ever received?
Where is the fanciest place you’ve ever been?
What’s more important in life: excitement or stability?
If you could jump into a pool of anything, what would it be full of?
What’s the best wi-fi name you’ve seen?
What do you think the worst smell is?
Why are pizzas usually round?
What part of the driver’s test are you most likely to fail?
Do you talk to yourself?
Are you still scared of monsters?
What’s the funniest moment you’ve ever shared with a stranger?
What’s the weirdest fact you know?
When was the last time you made a prank call?
Have you ever fallen asleep in class?
If you could erase one colour from existence, which one would it be?
Who is your most embarrassing celebrity crush?
What’s the most creative insult you can think of right now?
What is the most annoying musical instrument?
What is the weirdest thing in your home?
What’s the worst name you could give a pet?
What do you think people will be nostalgic for in 500 years?
Who would you elect the president of the internet?
Who are two people you would love to see box each other?
What’s the weirdest gift you’ve given?
Who is the biggest drama queen in your family?
What’s the worst pick-up line?
What would be the funniest superpower?
Would you choose uncontrollable farting over uncontrollable hiccuping?
Do you think dad jokes are played out?
Which celebrity would you choose as a mentor?
What dessert would you compare your best friend to?
What’s the wildest online purchase you’ve ever made?
If different fruits could talk, which would sound the funniest?
You have to choose one: eyelashes or eyebrows?
If your phone could talk, what’s the most embarrassing thing it would reveal about you?
If raindrops weren’t a thing, what would you want to fall from the sky?
What’s the silliest way you’ve ever gotten an injury?
What do you think your pet’s voice would sound like if they could talk?
What do you think the worst bio is for a dating app?
Which color has the worst personality?
If you could give a name to your favorite kitchen appliance, what would it be?
Which season would you be and why?
Which school subject is the most embarrassing?
What’s the worst smell?
What’s the best Wi-Fi name you’ve seen?
If you had to rename your best friend, what would you choose?
What’s your favorite room in your home?
Do you have an embarrassing secret talent?
What is the worst sandwich ingredient in your opinion?
Which movie character would you want to have an epic battle with?
What’s the weirdest profession you’ve ever wanted to go into?
What would you choose as the title of your memoir?
Do you believe in aliens?
Which meme best represents your life?
What is the weirdest food combination that you love?
If you could design your own astronaut suit, what would it look like?
What do you think ghosts sound like?
If you could make up a track and field event, what would it be and who would be the star?
If rainbows could talk, what would they sound like?
How late is too late to cancel a plan with someone?
What’s the weirdest gift you’ve ever received?
What Guinness Book of World Records record would you like to break?
What’s the worst fashion trend that you still follow?
Which Disney princess is the most annoying?
What’s one thing you’ll never do again?
Do you have any injuries you obtained in a really stupid way?
Why do round pizzas come in square boxes?
What’s the longest you’ve slept in one session?
Can you fold a fitted sheet by yourself?
Do you drink or eat soup?
What’s the funniest joke you know?
Would you rather have hands for feet or feet for hands?
Who would win an epic battle between Superman and Batman?
If you could name a new state, what would it be?
Which role would you play in a reality TV show?
Which fruit would you be and why?
What’s one thing everyone looks ridiculous doing?
What would you be doing if you could turn your hobby into a career?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever made or created as part of your hobby?
What song would you choose to listen to continuously for the rest of your life?
What’s the strangest thing you’ve ever found on the ground?
What is the most stupid thing you’ve ever argued about with someone?
What are your most controversial opinions?
Would you rather be able to talk to plants or understand what babies are saying?
Would you rather live in a world without winter or summer?
Would you rather live in a world without electricity or a world without gasoline?
Would you rather have a third arm or a third nipples?
If you could start a business related to your fetish, what kind of business would it be?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s ever happened to you while taking a shower?
Have you ever met someone famous or noteworthy in your fantasy?
What would you do if you could have any job, regardless of your skills and experience?
If you were a character in a horror movie, how would you avoid getting killed?
What’s the weirdest thing you’ve ever seen on the internet?
If you could communicate with any MCU heroes, which one would you choose?
What’s the weirdest food combination you’ve ever tried that actually tasted good?
If you could have any “Friends” character as your wingman/wingwoman, who would it be and why?
What is the funniest accident you’ve ever seen?
Which of your abilities is the most pointless?
What three items would you bring if you were stuck on a desert island and could only bring three?
Which of your pranks has been the funniest thus far?